  Reserve Wine List
   
   
    Osoyoos Larose - Le Grand Vin - Osoyoos Bc


WINEMAKER

The pride of Osoyoos Larose, Le Grand Vin is a Bordeaux-inspired blend 
that is barrel aged for 18 to 20 months and laid down for an additional 
six months after bottling. Made to be cellared for eight to ten years, 
this big, bold, red is characterized by ample tannins, 
good complexity and an elegant, long finish.

 Tasting notes

 Expect a full-bodied black and red fruit entry that maintains its poise 
 on the palate amid perfectly textured tannins. A great start for a wine that 
 can age effortlessly for a decade before it begins to reveal its true story. 

PRODUCTION

The estate carefully separated and picked each homogeneous area. 
The grapes are hand sorted, destemmed and crushed at the winery.
 Fermentation occurs in custom-made cone-shaped tanks. Each lot is
tasted everyday to adapt the skin contact time to the vintage and wine feature.
Short pump overs are done regularly each day to extract only fine tannins which 
give elegance and structure to the “Grand Vin”. The skin contact lasts around 25 
days until the wine reaches a “Grand Crus” concentration and complexity level. 
Aging takes place in French oak barrels for a period of 18 to 20 months. 
Virgin and one-year-old barrels are used to mature Le Grand Vin. 
Racking from barrel to barrel takes place every three months.
 Prior to bottling the estate clarifies and stabilizes the wine using 
 egg whites in accordance with traditional techniques.


Paring

 Big and juicy, similar to the 2013 vintage. Deep inky garnet colour with 
 big pronounced aromas of stewed strawberries, blueberries, dark plums and 
 dried fruits - dates and figs primarily. Hints of dark chocolate and tobacco
 tucked away in there too. Flavours bring sour cherries m, woody blackberries
  with salty wet stones carrying into the medium finish. Medium plus acidity, 
  body with lingering yet gorgeously refined medium tannins hanging in there 
  adding some oomph. Salty finish. Needs big meat to dance with! 
 Calling for prime rib or T-bone steaks. 92 points - tasted April 2018



    Belle Glos - Dairyman - Pinot Noir - Russian River Vally, California USA

Tasting notes: dark ruby red in color with satisfying aromas of boysenberry
 dark cherry and mulberry along with delicate hints of baking spices dill cola
  nutmeg and vanilla. On the palate bold flavors of cranberry ripe plum cherry 
  and super-ripe strawberry are uplifted by gentle notes of cocoa powder and 
  sweet fig for a generous and silky mouthfeel. This tremendously complex and 
  broad-shouldered wine finishes with grace. – belle glos



PRODUCTION

Harvested early in the morning so the fruit would arrive at the winery while 
the grapes were still cool to preserve the vineyard-fresh flavors.
 After de-stemming but not crushing the berries, we cold-soaked the fruit 
 for up to two weeks to soften the skins and allow for ideal extraction. 
 During fermentation in a combination of closed and open-top stainless steel 
 fermenters, we used both punch-downs and pump-overs to extract color and tannins,
and also to control temperatures and maximize flavors. We barreled only 
the free-run, discarding the press, then aged the wine in 100% French oak 
(60% new, 40% seasoned) for up to nine months. After racking the wine once 
malolactic fermentation was complete, we racked it a second time before 
making the final blend.

Belle Glos is a lush Pinot Noir with dark cherries, dried fruit,
 dark chocolate and vanilla flavours on the palate.
  The Pinot Noir wine grapes are grown on the alluvial soils of 
  the Russian River Valley. Heavy fog rolls in over the coastal range and 
  burns off when the sun reaches its highest point in the day.
   This cooling morning effect and the loamy soils allows 
   the Dijon clone of Pinot Noir in this wine to ripen slowly to full maturity.

Pinot Noir food pairings: grilled chicken, roast pheasant, 
stuffed roast of veal breast.


    Two Hand - Bella's Garden Shiraz - Barossa Vally, Australia

Winemaker Notes

Deep, dark red with a black core and purple hue. Deep set aromas of blackberry, 
bramble, black pepper, dried flower, Indian ink, and baking spices.
Straight away this wine hits you with a wall of flavour. Crashing and caressing
the breadth of the palate, it ratchets up a gear as it runs the length of the 
palate. Just as the wine seems to start losing control, a beautiful line of 
acidity harnesses the power, tightens up and commands authority.
A veil of sheer elegance creeps though the palate. The tannins start early 
and build momentum drawing the wine through to an extremely long and detailed 
finish. 

WINE NOTES

COLOR
Deep, dark red with a black core. Bright purple hue around the meniscus.

AROMA
Deep set aromas of red currant to blackberry with notes of incense, 
Christmas spice, and warm lavender oil.

TASTE
This bold Shiraz hits the palate with power and presence. 
Lashing of dark fruit with notes of incense and aromatic spices, 
floral hints add layers and complexity.

Shiraz food pairings: marinated pepper steaks, burgers with blue cheese,
grilled pork chops, Muscovy duck.




    Antinori - Tignanello - Tuscany, Italy

The Wine
Tignanello was the first Sangiovese to be aged in barriques, the first contemporary 
red wine blended with untraditional varieties (specifically Cabernet) 
and one of the first red wines in the Chianti Classico region that didn’t use white grapes. 
Tignanello is a milestone. It’s produced with a selection of Sangiovese, 
 Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc.
  
  Wine Spectator
  -Tuscany, Italy- "The black currant thread winds through
   this dense, muscular red, with cherry, leather, earth, iron and mineral 
   flavors. Firm and fleshy, with fine balance and a long , 
  expesive finish. Sangiovese, Cabernet Franc and Cabernet Sauvignon."
  
    Chateau Cellares - Cabernet Sauvignon - Napa, California USA
wine not found, revews for Chateau Buena Vista Cabernet Sauvignon Napa Valley
pairings
Beef, Lamb, Game (deer, venison), Mature and hard cheese, Poultry

Dark fruit and a little earthy on the nose. Rich, bold dark fruit a very slight,
but enjoyable pepper taste. A wonderful complement to NY Strip.
Certainly a higher quality cab.

    Robert Mondavi - Reserve to Kalon - Cabernet Sauvignon - Napa, California USA

TASTING NOTES
100% Cabernet Sauvignon

A powerhouse wine, this iconic Cabernet Sauvignon shows the complexity and 
intensity of our historic To Kalon vineyard, with mouth-filling flavors of
 fleshy, blackberry, black plum and black currant fruits, savory herbs, black
  and white pepper, and cardamom spice structured by generous, well-integrated
   tannins and bright acidity. An iconic, showstopper wine.

    Chateau Belair Monange - Saint Emilion Grand Cru - Bordeaux, France

Rare Bordeaux Wine @ Guillaume. Cab Franc dominant actually. Was quite smoky 
almost like peat on the nose but this blew off thankfully. With some lovely 
mushroom, forest floor, bit funk, bit stalky & little metallic actually. 
. Probably between 3.5 to 4 stars gave it the benefit of the doubt given it 
sat wait so patiently till now to be drunk till :) Paired with Grimaud Duck,
 foie gras, sweet potato, honey pear, balsamic & also 1964 Ducru-Beaucaillou

    Bruno Giacosa - Falletto Barolo - Piedmont, Italy

    James Suckling-Piedmont, Italy - "Impressive fresh leather-clad red cherries 
    with a subtle earthiness in the background. Quite pure. Floral and aromatic.
     The palate has a very elegant yet powerful core of blueberries and cherries...
     Elegant and classic."

    Red Canadian

    Grey Monk - Pinot Noir - Kelowna, BC 
    Hester Creek - Character - Golden Mile, BC 
    (Syrah, Malbec, Petit Verdot, Merlot)
    See Ya Later Ranch - Ping - Meritage - Okanagan Fall, BC 
    Osoyoos Larose - Petales D'Osoyoos - Bordeaux Blend - Osoyoos, BC 
    Black Hills - Syrah - Oliver, BC 
    Black Hills - Nota Bene - Oliver, BC 
    (Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc)
    Meyer Family Vineyards - McLean Creek Old Block - Pinot Noir - Okanagan Falls, BC 

    Red International

    Beringer - Cabernet Sauvignon - Napa, California USA 
    Domaine Bousquet - Malbec - Argentina
    Bogle - Petite Sirah - Lodi, California USA
    Mollydooker - The Boxer - Shiraz - Mclaren Vale, Australia
    Masi Costasera - Amarone della Valpolicella - Veneto, Italy
    The Prisoner - Napa Red - Napa, California USA
    (Zinfandel,Cabernet Sauvignon, Petite Sirah, Syrah)
    Duckhorn - Merlot - Napa, California USA

    White Canadian

    Quails Gate - Riesling - Kelowna, BC
    Blasted Church - Gewurztraminer - Okanagan Falls, BC
    Sandhill - Sauvignon Blanc - Kelowna, BC
    Moon Curser - Afraid of the Dark - Kelowna, BC
    (Viognier,Roussanne,Marsanne)
    Quails Gate - Chasselas - Kelowna, BC 
    (Pinot Blanc, Pinot Gris)
    Meyer Family Vineyard - Micro Cuvee Chardonnay - Okanagan Falls, BC 

    White International

    Modello Masi - Pinot Grigio - Italy
    Babich - Pinot Gris - Auckland, New Zealand
    Bonterra - Chardonnay - Mendocino, California USA
    Kim Crawford - Sauvignon Blanc - Napa, California USA
    King Estate - Pinot Gris - Eugene, Oregon USA
    CakeBread Cellars - Sauvignon Blanc - Napa, California USA

    
    Bubbles 

    Freixenet - Cava - Spain
    Summerhill - Cipes Brut - Kelowna, BC 
    Moet & Chandon - Champagne - France
    Veuve Clicquot - Champagne - France
    Dom Perignon - Champagne - France

    Ice & Dessert Wine

    The Vibrant Vine - Frosty Buds - Kelowna, BC 
    Dirty Laundry - Hoar Frost - Summerland, BC
    Giant Head Estate - Late Harvest Gewurztraminer - Summerland, BC 
    Batasolo - Mostcato - Italy

    Port

    Talor Fladgate - 10yr old - Portugal